I want to matter and I want to feel like I have a purpose besides waking up every morning to see people who don’t really care about me or what I think about and I want to know there’s something besides a job I hate and people who don’t appreciate me. I want to know if there’s something behind that dull ache of sadness in the back of my skull that will make any of this seem worth it in the end, that the sadness meant I would get something I longed for my whole life. but then I realize that life doesn’t stop when you’re sad, and there’s not a reward for almost kinda sorta not succumbing to a chemical imbalance in the brain that not just you has and maybe I want to believe yes I’m special and I matter and something will be okay again but then I remember that I’m just me and I’m not special and I don’t matter, and that one day I’ll be dead and no one will remember how I felt on a day in march or who I loved so much it burned.

the fear and dread of realizing I’m just me and that I wasn’t destined for more than a small town and a tab on a computer that no one spared a second glance at is imbedded in my brain more than the dull ache of sadness, although the sadness isn’t dull anymore, it’s big and it’s ugly and it stings more than when you’d fall on your hands on the blacktop as a kid and even though there wouldn’t be a cut or scrape, the sting is still there for hours afterwards. the sadness is just the same and even though you constantly remind others and think of the beige hospital walls, you realize your mother wasn’t in your room with you, in that hospital room with the one window, your friends weren’t and your family wasn’t and so even though you remember and remind and live with it, no one else does and reminding them is pointless because they’ll never quite understand how you feel.

you used to want to have something no one else had, but you meant like a pair of shoes or a shirt, not a feeling, and now you wish you could take it back, but it’s not what you asked for anyways, is it? the feeling is empty but it’s heavy and you’re constantly reminded, feel it in the strain of your shoulder when you lie on your side at 4 am and realize you want to be loved so much it hurts and want to be someone’s everything it’s always what you want but not what anybody else does, and it’s not fair. you realize somebody’s love won’t fix it and that you’ve made your bed, you must lie in it, and lie in it you do because you can’t get up from the bed because you’re so damn sad, isn’t it awful that you’ve let sadness envelop you like the blanket you haven’t left in days, let it envelop you so much that your room is so dirty you can’t see your floor anymore and your mother is staring at you sadly in the doorway because there’s not much she can do either? then you kind of laugh, you start to realize you truly are helpless, you aren’t special or worthy and that this is your life, and nothing will change because everything reverts back to how it was and you don’t get a second chance anymore because second chances turned into thirds and fourths and fifths until they stopped being chances and started being repetitive mistakes and bad habits. being positive stopped being an option because it would come back, the negativity and hurt so what was the point? you’re pitiful at this point and you truly realize it but how can you fix something you don’t believe you started? the simple answer is that you don’t, and you realize you were destined to wake up every morning to people who don’t care about you or what you think, and a job you hate and people who don’t appreciate you, because sadness doesn’t get a reward no matter how big or little it is.